add ris to documentation on exporting data (#884)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/features/post_screening.rst

2. Start a new project, upload a dataset and select prior knowledge.
3. Navigate to the Project Dashboard.
4. Click the *download* icon (see screenshot below), or click on *Download Results*.

> 5. You will be asked whether you want to save an `excel`, `ris` or a `csv` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. You will be asked to download an Excel, RIS, TSV, or CSV file.
```

6. You will be asked where to save the file.

.. warning::

>     A `ris` file can only be exported if a `ris` file is imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A RIS file can only be exported if a RIS file is imported.
```
